hey guys you should do a Chinese aka
you-know-who I'm just coming up on my
phone we the phone is dead trying to
record this not gonna work on this video
may not go up anyway um if you do go up
just in case and make it just come up to
say hey to you guys I hope everybody's
doing a well on the challenge for me I'm
doing good
oh how exhausted it is 834 I'm gonna
throw the bed because I try to get up
that round eyes to go walking in the
morning if I'm gonna get about eight
miles in I tried I do about 20 minutes
of my walkie so for me to do eight miles
or take me like an hour and 40 minutes
and I mean two hours and 40 minutes and
by then the Sun is out and it's really
hot here in Florida so it really kicked
my ass and I hate it I hate walking in
the Sun so I try to leave hour early
where it don't drain me because if the
came to the sister country will up
outside they really told me it really
tears me up big time I want to tell you
a story before I get off here like this
little necklace right here this necklace
I don't know where I got it
but this necklace I used to wear before
and it got really tight so I stopped
wearing it it used to choke me was
choking me
and I stopped wearing it and last night
for some reason some weird reason I
dreamt about it like well I thought
about it or something like that and I
got up this morning five o'clock and as
I clean I wish I can find that necklace
and I wanted to draw and I was looking
for something and boom the necklaces
right there and I'm like there's no way
this necklace is going to fit me is no
way isn't going to
clothes and sure enough it's on and it's
not even choking news it's just on and
I'm okay with it being like this so this
is my motivation little necklace as long
as I keep it on I know that I'm on the
right path and you know if I can't keep
it on that meeting on Sunday right and
that's one of my little coupon stash
right here I'm going through that right
space a grand area to go to bed and get
my mop and because this next month is
all about building up my mouth in the
last video was trying to tell you guys
that I'm training for a 20 mile walk on
October the 9th to stomp out childhood
obesity the body bye-bye team is hosting
a twenty mile one day walk and I know I
can do 10 miles and I might be able to
pull up 12 but 20 that's one kicked me
and I just pray to God that I can pull
it off that's all I'm playing a god
because like I said I don't like that
song and it really takes a lot out of me
just being outside in the Sun anyhow
anyways I hope you guys are doing okay I
hope everybody is doing one on the
challenge keep your you know yourself up
eat get your fluid drink that you water
in and I can't wait to see what Monday
brings for me I'm really excited about
my loss and I'm even more excited by the
upcoming week even though I know it's
going to slow down significantly but I
take whatever I can get
I'll push it oh girl sorry I'm pushing
to UM to lose again another 20 pounds in
the next 14 days for my birthday which
is nine eleven but I'm um so I'll stop
in the night is when I'm celebrating my
birthday and overall I'm trying to get
down to 270 by New Year's so those are
my shorts on
Oh what are yours you know let me know
and that's the body alright so I hope
everybody's doing well and I told you
guys later